Update README.md (#764)
zigpy/zigpy: README.md

Reference implementation of the zigpy library exist in **[Home Assistant](https://www.home-assistant.io)** (Python based open source home automation software) as part of its **[ZHA integration component](https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/zha/)**.

## Compatible Zigbee coordinator hardware

> Radio libraries for zigpy are separate projects with their own repositories and implanting the support for the hardware radios modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Radio libraries for zigpy are separate projects with their own repositories and implementation for the radios modules.
```

> Stabile compatible radio labaries: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stable radio labaries: 
```

Reviewer 2: `labaries` -> `libraries` ?

Reviewer: this whole thing needs to be ran through grammarly.
